 https://codepen.io/cynthia-cruz/pen/BaLjYzp
 
 
 1. What is Semantic HTML? 
Semantic HTML is the correct use of HTML to reinforce the meaning of content on a webpage

    2. What is HTML used for?
     HTML is a markup language used for displaying data in graphical form on a webpage

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    Attributes are used to include information to an element that we don't want to render on the page.

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    An h1 tag defines a heading and should only be used once on a page.

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    br, img

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    specific information about the webpage that is not displayed to the user

    7. What is an id? 
    Specifies a unique id for an HTML element

    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    All HTML elements
    
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page?
    id's should only reference one element in your html 

    10. What is a class? 
    The class is an attribute which specifies one or more class names for an HTML element

    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    The class attribute can be used on any HTML element

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    classes can reference many elements on your webpage 

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    You can make a HTML link open in a new tab by adding the target=”_blank” attribute
    You should insert this after the link address

    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for?
    specifies an alternate text for an image if the image cannot be displayed
     the alt attribute provides alternative information for an image if a user for some reason cannot view it 

    15. How do I reference an id?
    To select an element with a specific id, write a hashtag (#) character, followed by the id of the element

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    The section tag creates independent sections within a webpage having logically connected content
    And the div tag is an empty container specifying a division or a section 

    17. What is CSS used for? 
    CSS is a language that works with HTML to add style and layout to a webpage


    18. How do we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    by using the element selector ie;  h2 in css followed by open face bracket


    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
   id is unique in a page and can only apply to at most one element, while class selector can apply to multiple elements.

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    write a period (.) character, followed by the name of the class

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    .human

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
     selects all elements that are a direct child of the specified element 
     would be useful when creating a list

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    div class="sidebar"></div>

    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    used to define a special state of an element

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    line height property

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    letter-spacing

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    text-transform

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    <style-type='text/css'>
    #mydiv {
         border: dotted 1px black; }
    </style>

    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    *{

    }
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    /*

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    pwd 

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    ls 

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    rm then the file name because you could accidentally remove all files

    34. Why should I use version control? 
    allows you to keep track of your work and helps explore changes you've made 

    35. How often should I commit to github?
    when you need to save your work after adding or changing anything

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    git push -u origin 'firstname-lastname'

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
    Fork
    Clone the repo
    cd into the newly created repo using cd command
    Create a branch with git checkout -b 'firstname-lastname'
    open in vs code complete assignment
    git add.
    git commit -m "message"
    git push -u origin branch-name
    open github to your forked project
    click on the branch:master button and pick your name-branch in the dropdown
    (do not create pull request yet!)
    on the PR page click the dropdown button that says base repository and change it to your forked branch
    write your changes in the comment box and create pull request
    DO NOT MERGE! 
    Done.

    
    
 

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    inline elements do not force a new line to begin in the document flow 
    block elements typically cause a line break to occur

    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely?
    it no longer exists in the normal document layout flow

    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    change the div width

    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default,
     p, address, nav

     Name 2 elements that are display inline by default
     Span, br  

      and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
      img
    

    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all
    elements respect the width we've given them? 
    
    it help make responsive layouts more managable you're able to adjust the px to fit perfectly to your screen
    by using the box as a guide and you can also adjust the height width padding and margin of your elements on 
    the page